docs/installation.md, before:

# 📖 Complete Installation Guide

## 📋 Prerequisites

1. [Comfyui](https://github.com/comfyanonymous/ComfyUI) please install and configure for use.
    - Please enable --listen on your comfyui server. 
    - example: ``.\python_embeded\python.exe -s ComfyUI\main.py --windows-standalone-build --listen``
2. Launch Comfyui and load workflow.json from required_files and install missing nodes.
      - if you are new or new installation please download [comfyui manager](https://github.com/ltdrdata/ComfyUI-Manager) before loading this workflow

3. Ensure you have Python 3.x installed on your system. You can download it from [python.org](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

4. Install the required dependencies using the requirements.txt file: 
 ```pip install -r requirements.txt```
5. To get Redux working properly you will need to open Redux.json and Reduxprompt.json and install the missing nodes.
   - depending on your setup you may need to edit the json files to select the version of dev flux you are using. 
   - In redux.json find and change the name to your checkpoint name.
``` 
      "61": {
    "inputs": {
      "unet_name": "fluxFusionV24StepsGGUFNF4_V2Fp16.safetensors",
      "weight_dtype": "fp8_e4m3fn"
    },
    "class_type": "UNETLoader"
  },
```  
   - in reduxprompt.json find and change the name to your checkpoint name.
```
 "12": {
    "inputs": {
      "unet_name": "fluxFusionV24StepsGGUFNF4_V2Fp16.safetensors",
      "weight_dtype": "fp8_e4m3fn"
    },
    "class_type": "UNETLoader"
  },
```
   - download and install redux models manually **requires authentication on HF cannot be automated**
   - [Flux.1-Redux-dev](https://huggingface.co/black-forest-labs/FLUX.1-Redux-dev/tree/main) - place in ComfyUI/models/style_models
   - [sigclip_vision_384](https://huggingface.co/Comfy-Org/sigclip_vision_384/blob/main/sigclip_vision_patch14_384.safetensors) - place in ComfyUI/models/clip_vision folder
## 🔧 Installation Steps

### 1️⃣ ComfyUI Setup
1. Ensure ComfyUI is properly installed
2. Verify your installation directory structure:
   ```
   Example: 
   C:/Comfyui_windows_portable/ComfyUI/
   ```

### 2️⃣ Bot Installation

1. **Clone the Repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/nvmax/FluxComfyDiscordbot
   ```

2. **Run Setup Tool**
   ```bash
   python setup.py
   ```
   The setup tool will:
   - Copy required files needed to run
   - Setup your .env file with variables specified
   



### 3️⃣ Discord Bot Setup

1. Go to the [Discord Developer Portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications). 

 * Click on "New Application" and give your bot a name. 
 * Once created, go to the "Bot" tab in the left sidebar. 
 * Click "Add Bot" to create a bot user for your application.
 * Under the bot's username, you'll see a "Token" section. Click "Copy" to copy your bot token. Keep this token secret and secure.
 * click Bot on the left side, In the "Privileged Gateway Intents" section, enable the following intents:
   * Presence Intent
   * Server Members Intent
   * Message Content Intent
* Go to the "OAuth2" tab in the left sidebar.
* In the "Scopes" section, select "bot".
* In the "Bot Permissions" section, select the permissions your bot needs. At minimum, it will need:- 
	* Send Messages
  * Manage Messages
	* Embed Links
	* Attach Files
	* Read Message History
	* Use Slash Commands

2. Copy the generated OAuth2 URL at the bottom of the "Scopes" section. 

3. Open a new browser tab, paste the URL, and select the server where you want to add the bot.

### 4️⃣ Verification Steps

After installation, verify:
- All dependencies are installed
- Workflow loads correctly
- Bot connects to Discord
- Commands are responsive

## 🔍 Post-Installation

### Testing the Installation
1. Start the bot:
   ```bash
   python bot.py
   ```
2. Try basic commands in Discord
3. Verify image generation works

### Common Issues
- Check [Troubleshooting Guide](troubleshooting.md) for common problems
- Verify file permissions
- Confirm Python version compatibility

## 📚 Next Steps

- [Configure your bot](configuration.md)
- [Learn available commands](commands.md)
- [Join our Discord community](https://discord.gg/your-invite-link)

## 🆘 Need Help?

- Check our [Troubleshooting Guide](troubleshooting.md)
- Join our [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/V3pRgtzjsN)
- Open an [Issue](https://github.com/nvmax/FluxComfyDiscordbot/issues)

Commit message:

new pulid feature, updated files to support, updated readme, does require PULIDWORKFLOW=workflow selection in .env will work to automate this selection in the setup too next

docs/installation.md, after:

# 📖 Complete Installation Guide

## 📋 Prerequisites

1. [Comfyui](https://github.com/comfyanonymous/ComfyUI) please install and configure for use.
    - Please enable --listen on your comfyui server. 
    - example: ``.\python_embeded\python.exe -s ComfyUI\main.py --windows-standalone-build --listen``
2. Launch Comfyui and load workflow.json from required_files and install missing nodes.
      - if you are new or new installation please download [comfyui manager](https://github.com/ltdrdata/ComfyUI-Manager) before loading this workflow

3. Ensure you have Python 3.x installed on your system. You can download it from [python.org](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

4. Install the required dependencies using the requirements.txt file: 
 ```pip install -r requirements.txt```
 
5. To get Redux working properly you will need to open Redux.json and Reduxprompt.json and install the missing nodes.
   - depending on your setup you may need to edit the json files to select the version of dev flux you are using. 
   - In redux.json find and change the name to your checkpoint name.
``` 
      "61": {
    "inputs": {
      "unet_name": "fluxFusionV24StepsGGUFNF4_V2Fp16.safetensors",
      "weight_dtype": "fp8_e4m3fn"
    },
    "class_type": "UNETLoader"
  },
```  
   - in reduxprompt.json find and change the name to your checkpoint name.
```
 "12": {
    "inputs": {
      "unet_name": "fluxFusionV24StepsGGUFNF4_V2Fp16.safetensors",
      "weight_dtype": "fp8_e4m3fn"
    },
    "class_type": "UNETLoader"
  },
```

- Flux Dev requires you to approve the license agreement on huggingface before the setup too can download the models, please do this before running the setup tool.

## 📦 Required Files
   - [Flux AE.Safetensors](https://huggingface.co/black-forest-labs/FLUX.1-dev/resolve/main/ae.safetensors) - just get access setup tool downloads automatically

   - [Flux1.dev](https://huggingface.co/black-forest-labs/FLUX.1-dev ) - just get access setup tool downloads automatically
   - download and install redux models manually **requires authentication on HF cannot be automated**
   - [Flux.1-Redux-dev](https://huggingface.co/black-forest-labs/FLUX.1-Redux-dev/tree/main) - place in ComfyUI/models/style_models
   - [sigclip_vision_384](https://huggingface.co/Comfy-Org/sigclip_vision_384/blob/main/sigclip_vision_patch14_384.safetensors) - place in ComfyUI/models/clip_vision folder
## 🔧 Installation Steps

### 1️⃣ ComfyUI Setup
1. Ensure ComfyUI is properly installed
2. Verify your installation directory structure:
   ```
   Example: 
   C:/Comfyui_windows_portable/ComfyUI/
   ```

### 2️⃣ Bot Installation

1. **Clone the Repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/nvmax/FluxComfyDiscordbot
   ```

2. **Run Setup Tool**
   ```bash
   python setup.py
   ```
   The setup tool will:
   - Copy required files needed to run
   - Setup your .env file with variables specified
   



### 3️⃣ Discord Bot Setup

1. Go to the [Discord Developer Portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications). 

 * Click on "New Application" and give your bot a name. 
 * Once created, go to the "Bot" tab in the left sidebar. 
 * Click "Add Bot" to create a bot user for your application.
 * Under the bot's username, you'll see a "Token" section. Click "Copy" to copy your bot token. Keep this token secret and secure.
 * click Bot on the left side, In the "Privileged Gateway Intents" section, enable the following intents:
   * Presence Intent
   * Server Members Intent
   * Message Content Intent
* Go to the "OAuth2" tab in the left sidebar.
* In the "Scopes" section, select "bot".
* In the "Bot Permissions" section, select the permissions your bot needs. At minimum, it will need:- 
	* Send Messages
  * Manage Messages
	* Embed Links
	* Attach Files
	* Read Message History
	* Use Slash Commands

2. Copy the generated OAuth2 URL at the bottom of the "Scopes" section. 

3. Open a new browser tab, paste the URL, and select the server where you want to add the bot.

### 4️⃣ Verification Steps

After installation, verify:
- All dependencies are installed
- Workflow loads correctly
- Bot connects to Discord
- Commands are responsive

## 🔍 Post-Installation

### Testing the Installation
1. Start the bot:
   ```bash
   python bot.py
   ```
2. Try basic commands in Discord
3. Verify image generation works

### Common Issues
- Check [Troubleshooting Guide](troubleshooting.md) for common problems
- Verify file permissions
- Confirm Python version compatibility

## 📚 Next Steps

- [Configure your bot](configuration.md)
- [Learn available commands](commands.md)
- [Join our Discord community](https://discord.gg/your-invite-link)

## 🆘 Need Help?

- Check our [Troubleshooting Guide](troubleshooting.md)
- Join our [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/V3pRgtzjsN)
- Open an [Issue](https://github.com/nvmax/FluxComfyDiscordbot/issues)
